1. PHP is intended to generate websites running in a web server. So first thing we are going to need to start learning php is a sever able to execute our code. There are many options to get this:

  * *Online editor*: There are many options out there, an examplo is Cloud 9 (http://c9.io), it allows editing and running our code all in the same tool.
  * *External server*: You will need to install PHP, Apache, & FTP on a server and have it configured to allow access to each student to make modifications inside the html root directory of the server.
  * *Server in same computer*: An alternative way is to use a LAMP, WAMP or XAMP installed for each student.

    If you are using Windows or Mac you can also use Docker Kitematic and look for a "php-nginx" instance. Docker is an environment that let you running virtual servers on your computer, with all configured.

2. Depending on the option you choose user will be required to use some other additional tools.
  * *Online editor*: you will have everything you need in the tool.
  * *External server*: You will need a FTP client to conect to the server and upload your files. A code editor is also required. We recommend using Atom (atom.io)
  * *Same computer*: You will need to put your files in a certain folder that will depend on the method you have choosen to install the server and the operating system. You will also need a code editor.

3. In this point we are going to see how to run a simple script on Cloud 9.

 * Create an account in Cloud 9
 * Log in into the platform
 * Create a new workspace (project) choosing the "PHP, Apache & ..." template. You can give it the name you preffer.
 * You will see in the left that there are some files included one called `hello-world.php`. Open it.
 * Now you'll see a play button at the top. Clic it to Run your project.
 * You will see a message at the bottom saying that Apache has started, and it will give you a url to see the result of this first program. Copy and paste it in a new tab.

  > Congratulations! You have runned your first PHP script.

  > Lets see how we can build an interactive website in this environment.
