1. Are you excited about learning a new programming language? Let see first some important facts about PHP.

  * PHP have been around since 1995
  * PHP is installed in over 244 million websites and 2 million web servers
  * 75% of Web 2.0 sites are built in PHP (like Facebook, Flickr, Wikipedia and Yahoo!)

2. Here is what you are going to learn.

  * Some basic HTML, as usually PHP and HTML work together.
  * Generating some `strings` with PHP.
  * Doing some maths with programming.
  * Using some tricks to do repeated task simpler through loops.
  * Retriving some information through web forms.

3. Through these sushi cards you are going to build a Guess the Number game website.

4. Lets understand some basics, from the example project you can find when you start Cloud 9.

  ```php
  <html><body>
  <?php
  // A simple web site in Cloud9 that runs through Apache
  // Press the 'Run' button on the top to start the web server,
  // then click the URL that is emitted to the Output tab of the console

  echo 'Hello world from Cloud9!';

  ?>
  </body>
  </html>
  ```
5. To ensure your code loads through a PHP Parser you need to use the `.php` extension

 Caveates PHP Code in html has to be surronded by tags `<?php ... ?>`

 PHP code can be place anywhere inside the file as long as you make use of the `<?php ?>` tags.

6. Text between `<` `>` caracters are called *HTML tags*. You will learn some of them. By now you just need to know that let display information correctly in a web browser.

7. You will see in many examples the usage of `//`. That is used to create comments for yourself and other programmers in your code. The interpreter will ignorate everything you put after those characters.  
