1. It's time to display some instructions about our game to the users, so they know how to play the game.

1. Outputting text in php is done via the `echo` function.  

  The `echo` function is used to output content, in our case to the webpage. You can see in the original example the script was displaying 'Hello world from Cloud9'. Try changing this text and *reload* the website using the url Cloud 9 gave you.

  > PHP is a language that also requires you to terminate the end of line with a `;`. This just singles to the language that you have finished the statement.

  > Failing to use a semicolon will cause *SYNTAX errors* in PHP.

2. Now use what you've learned to display the instructions of the game. Change the actual line with the `echo` function with the following code.

  ```php
    echo "<h1>Guest number game!</h1>";
    echo "Pick a number between 1 and 10.";
  ```

  You have printed 2 lines in your website. You will have notice that the text from the first line is different from the second one. That is because we are using `h1` a *html tag* to define a title.

3. Lets add another line to make world clear that this website was of your own creation.

 ```php
      echo "<p><code>" . "Done by a cool ninja" . </code></p>";
  ```

  You can see here a couple of interesting things. This line has been built with different *strings*, each of them delimited by `"` character. We are using the `.` character to join these *strings*. This is going to be something important in the next Sushi card, by now it let you separate the strings in different lines.

  There is another *html tag* very useful, `p` tag means that we are creating a new paragraph.

  > Notice that you can use both *\`* and *"* characters for creating *strings*. Well see that there are some differences of using one or other.

4. Considering all went well, the results should show "Hello World" as the output.
5. If you got an error, double check over your code. Make sure you are not missing any semi colons.
