1. Lets add another piece of logic to our game using variables. In the game user has to guest a number that is decided randomly by the computer. Lets create a variable and fill it with a *random* number.

   ```php
     $my_random_number = rand(1, 10);
    ```

    We are using a *function* to get the random number `rand(1,10)`. Numbers are *parameters* that you can change so the choosen random number is between these two.

    > When you use a *function* you need to know what kind of variables and how many are required. If you write it wrongly you will have a *Warning* informing you about the error.

2. Try changing the numbers with the variables you created previosly and print the value of `$my_random_number` to see the value.

    Every time you reload the website it will be different.

    ```php
      $my_random_number = rand($lower_number, $higher_number);
     ```

3. Have you notice that you have been using all the time another php function? *echo* is a function that allows you to print some information. Actually you can write it both ways:

 ```php
  echo $my_random_number;
  echo($my_random_number);
 ```

4. Functions usually do complex things and return to you a simple value. So it's interesting to know some of them to make more powerful programs. In the following example we are going to add a line that display when our website was generated.

  ```php
    $date = date("r");
    echo "My current time is {$date}";
  ```

  The `"r"` string just tell the `date` function how we want to see the date. There are plenty of options, for example getting only the current hour or the day of the month. You can see the details in http://php.net/manual/en/function.date.php
