1. In this section we are going to be explaining how to pass information between pages back and fourth through the server. Two common methods are GET and POST.

  * *GET*
  Providing information through GET allows you to have an easy url that can be bookmarked and saved for later use.

  * *POST*
  A method of providing information through a page securely.

 We are going to use *GET* method to pass to our game the number we have guessed.

2. You can read this information in the page by using the `$_GET` variable array.
 These are language variables and are automatically setup for you.

 Append this line to your code. Then reload your page.

 ```php
   print_r($_GET);
 ```

 Now try appending this at the end of the *url* of your website: `/hello-world.php?guess=3`. This way you are creating a new variable with the value of 3. Now you will see that your website print something like:

 ```
 Array ( [guess] => 3 )
 ```

3. The `$_GET` variable is key, value arrays of information. This means values are associated to a *key* inside the variable. Keys can be made up of either strings or integers.

3. You can read the value by using the key.
  ```php
   $guess = $_GET['guess'];
  ```

5. Now you can print both the computer choosen number and the one choosen by the user.

  ```php
    echo "<p>Your guess is {$guess}, correct number is {$my_random_number}</p>";
  ```

5. To improve usability you can add a field in the game to enter the value. Append the following code after the `?>` tag.

  ```html
  <form method="get">
      <input name='guess'>
  </form>
  ```

  Now you can type the value in the field and hit enter.
